do-do-do-do-do-do oh hey hey everybody
oh man welcome hey what's up yeah well
if you see my twitter there okay there
it goes again Tourette's is on today
sometimes he's laid back but today's
like let me be a part of your sháá when
i'm like no correct come on you're
nothing without me oh you make good
points sometimes you make it good well
if you make a valid point oh man hey Sam
why do you always have a picture of a
mountain behind you now well probably
because when I'm inside for weeks at a
time it makes me feel better looking at
it sometimes I stay in too long cuz I
love Twitter and then I just kind of
look at this picture and just makes me
feel like I'm their mountains
trucking and hiking and then I tweet I'm
hiking right now and people believe me
because they're dumb okay we have more
questions and more answers I didn't like
that rewind we don't know what oh that
sounded too scripted a better delivery
we've got questions and I've got answers
not mm-hmm nope not gonna keep that um
someone asked me something and now I'm
gonna I'm gonna deliver the response all
right that's the best one sec stun
biatch asks what's your favorite shoe
brand easy Crocs I don't know if that's
true branded on this is just shoe or is
that is it a brand of a shoe not really
no do they have nike crocs disco beware
like Oh Chuck Kobe Bryant's new crocs
you just so many he slams dunk so many
times in those crops I don't know look I
just like the way the breeze feels on my
toesies well and it's cool to step in
puddles whoa all right I'm real immature
second question PS punky full says what
would you be doing if you weren't a
comedian well I need to be working at
Target or I be homeless
either way I'd be pushing a cart oh man
I just wrote that you're gonna you're
welcome um oh those are the questions
for today also subscribe up top comment
below and ask me some more questions so
i can deliver more answers and also i'm
adopting a dog this week yeah I'm really
excited I'm adopting a puppy and it's
gonna be sitting right here every video
huh it's gonna be part of the Q&A so if
you have cute if you have questions for
the dog I don't know what kind of dog
yet if it's ugly it's not gonna be here
I don't if it's ugly it'll be like over
there I'll lock it in the room during
the kuna cuz you guys don't need to see
that but if it's cute it'll be
right here and then you guys can ask the
dog questions and it'll answer um
remember the video I made a little a few
weeks ago where I said like pets bite me
and then I don't feed them if you don't
see the dog after like the first week uh
you know what happened you don't bite me
you do not bite me alright well this was
an aggressive episode I need to change
this picture cuz it's bringing out the
worst in me maybe like a rose petal ur
like a rainbow or Teletubbies I'll
figure it out all right I love you guys
ask more questions subscribe up top new
sketches come in this week you guys are
the bomb half five bitches